Updated NFT information (#4292)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-nft.md

[Polkadot Decoded](https://decoded.polkadot.network/).

Unique Network focuses on B2B use cases, aiming to be an infrastructure provider for others to build
on, rather than entering the NFT space themselves as an end-product.

Unique Network aims to make their marketplace technology open-source and whitelabel-friendly. In
theory, it should be trivial to set up a new marketplace for your project using Unique's technology.
Unique network aims to be a parachain on Polkadot, and Quartz is their Kusama counterpart.

### RMRK

[RMRK](https://rmrk.app) is a set of NFT 2.0 standards developed in three distinct code flavors:

1. ["Colored coins"](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Colored_Coins) approach, as on Bitcoin, originally
   developed as a "hack" on the Kusama chain. This is now deprecated, and it is recommended
   implementers use any of the other options.
2. Solidity contracts, compatible with any EVM blockchain in and outside the Polkadot ecosystem.
   Documented [here](https://evm.rmrk.app)
3. Rust code (Substrate pallets), compatible with any Substrate chain. Code is available
   [here](https://github.com/rmrk-team/rmrk-substrate).

Additionally, two more flavors are in development:

> 1. Astar (see below) are developing the ink! version of RMRK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Astar](https://astar.network/) are developing the ink! version of RMRK:
```

   [code here](https://github.com/rmrk-team/rmrk-ink).

> 2. Gear are developing the Gear implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Gear Technologies](https://www.gear-tech.io/) are developing the Gear implementation:
```
